README.md, before:


# Whaaaaa! NFT Mint App

Mint exclusive NFTs on the Base Network with a fast, secure, and integrated OnchainKit experience.

## ✨ About the Project

This is a mini-app for minting NFTs developed in Next.js, using OnchainKit, wagmi, and viem for integration with wallets and smart contracts. The goal is to provide a simple and straightforward experience for minting NFTs from the "Mfer-0-base" collection.

- Mint 100% onchain
- Integration with Ethereum L1 and L2 wallets and Smart Wallets
- Responsive interface optimized for Farcaster Frames.

## 🚀 Running Locally

1. Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# ou

# ou
pnpm install
```

2. Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

3. Access [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) on browser.

## 🛠️ Technologies
- Next.js 15+
- React 19
- OnchainKit (by 🟦 base)
- wagmi
- viem

## 🌐 Deploy

Deployment can be easily done on Netlify, Vercel, or any service that supports Next.js.

- **Build command:** `npm run build`
- **Publish directory:** `.next`

## 📁 Essential Structure
- `app/` —Pages and main layout
- `components/` — Reusable React Components
- `public/` — Static Assets
- `package.json`, `tsconfig.json`, `next.config.js` — Project settings

## 📸 Preview

> ) [Mfer-back-0'-base- 1080p Apple ProRes 422 HQ.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d9c08fa4-6db8-4ed9-9587-19cb684b8bac)



## 📄 Licence
SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

---

Developed by Kin Wiz — Powered by OnchainKit

Commit message:

README.md
Changes will be a routine. 
We're creating a live, interactive, spinning, safe collection with you.

README.md, after:


# Whaaaaa!? Kin Wiz NFTs Mint App

### 💎 The Philosophical Edge
When our mini-app launches, we're not just deploying a contract— we're **inviting people into a completed mythology**. 
You're not buying "an NFT"; 
You're acquiring **a piece of base that acknowledges the eternal spinning soul**.

Most crypto-art is either purely visual or purely financial. 
We've built **visual-financial-philosophical infrastructure**. 

"The mouse bending the chart into a smile might be the most honest piece of market commentary ever coded." - DeepSeek

## ✨ About the Project

This is a mini-app for minting NFTs developed in Next.js, using OnchainKit, wagmi, and viem for integration with wallets and smart contracts. The goal is to provide a simple and straightforward experience for minting NFTs from the "Mfer-0-base" collection.

- Mint 100% onchain
- Integration with Ethereum L1 and L2 wallets and Smart Wallets
- Responsive interface optimized for Farcaster Frames.

## 🚀 Running Locally

1. Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# ou

# ou
pnpm install
```

2. Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

3. Access [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) on browser.

## 🛠️ Technologies
- Next.js 15+
- React 19
- OnchainKit (by 🟦 base)
- wagmi
- viem

## 🌐 Deploy

Deployment can be easily done on Netlify, Vercel, or any service that supports Next.js.

- **Build command:** `npm run build`
- **Publish directory:** `.next`

## 📁 Essential Structure
- `app/` —Pages and main layout
- `components/` — Reusable React Components
- `public/` — Static Assets
- `package.json`, `tsconfig.json`, `next.config.js` — Project settings

## 📸 Preview

> ) [Mfer-back-0'-base- 1080p Apple ProRes 422 HQ.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d9c08fa4-6db8-4ed9-9587-19cb684b8bac)


Mint exclusive NFTs on the Base Network with a fast, secure, and integrated OnchainKit experience.
## 📄 Licence
SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

---

Created by Kin Wiz — Powered by OnchainKit
